update: OAuth 2.0 Authentication (#6600)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/oauth2/overview/_index.md

{:.important}
> **Important**: 

> * The implementation of OAuth in Kong is for experimental or testing purposes only and not recommended for production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This implementation of OAuth2 in Kong is for experimental or testing purposes only and is not recommended for production environments.
```
